Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I’m going
to explain an American fantasy adventure
comedy film called “Gulliver’s Travels.”
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
A middle-aged man named Lemuel Gulliver wakes up
in his messy New York apartment and goes on with
his morning routine. He talks to his superhero
toys on a shelf and dances in the shower,
showing us his goofy side. Gulliver works in
the mailroom of a New York newspaper company.
That day, he meets a new employee named Dan and
befriends him. Gulliver is Dan's boss in the
mailing department. As the two deliver their mail
for the day, they come across Gulliver’s longtime
crush and a journalist named Darcy Silverman.
He has been in love with her for years but has
never confessed. Later that day, Dan brings out
a notice that says he has been promoted to head
of the mail department on his first day. Gulliver
has been working in the facility for ten years,
but no one there respects him. Dan claims
that Gulliver is scared to talk and will
never progress in life other than his mailroom
job. A distressed Gulliver is walking out of
the office and notices Darcy working late.
He gathers up courage and goes to her cabin to
ask her out. However, his nerves get the best
of him, so instead, he picks up a random paper
from her desk and heads out. Darcy asks him if he
wants to apply for a travel writing assignment.
A nervous Gulliver agrees and has to submit
a travel blog the following day. At home,
he copies and pastes several articles from the
internet for the blog. The following day at work,
he submits it to Darcy, who is impressed by his
writing skills and provides him with a new task.
She wants him to travel to the Bermuda Triangle
and write an article about the legends of ships
mysteriously disappearing there. To impress her,
Gulliver agrees. Darcy arranges a contact and
a boat for him. Gulliver flies to Bermuda the
very next day, where he is picked up by a man.
He takes Gulliver to a rented boat and shows him
how to use it. The journey is pretty simple as
the boat is automated. Gulliver finally sails for
the Bermuda triangle alone in the boat. For the
first few hours, he enjoys himself by reading
‘how to build a robot’ magazines and drinking
several cans of coke. He soon falls asleep.
Sometime later, he wakes up to a massive wave
in front of him. A sea storm hits, and he quickly
puts a life jacket on. The boat shakes vigorously
in the water. Gulliver turns around to see an
enormous sea tornado coming his way. Gulliver,
with his boat, is sucked on top of the tornado,
then right into its eyes. The screen goes black.
When Gulliver opens his eyes, he cannot move his
body. He looks down and is surprised when he sees
some tiny men standing on top of his chest. Their
leader introduces himself as the commander Edward
Edwardian of the Liliput. The camera zooms out,
showing us a crowd of tiny people standing around
Gulliver. He is pinned to the ground with tiny
ropes and wood. Commander Edward calls Gulliver
“a beast.” A confused Gulliver yells in fear and
breaks free from the ropes easily. Thinking that
this is a dream, he tries closing his eyes. Edward
orders his soldiers to bring the beast down.
The soldiers attach their hooks to Gulliver’s
pants and make him fall unconscious.
When he wakes up, Gulliver finds himself tied
to a cart and being pulled into the kingdom
of Lilliput. The tiny civilians come out of
their houses to get a look at the ‘beast.’
He is pulled into the royal palace and presented
to the King of Lilliput, King Theodore. The king’s
daughter, Princess Mary, pities Gulliver and
asks Edward if the restraints are necessary.
Edward claims that Gulliver is a spy
from their enemy kingdom, Blefuscia.
Gulliver finally speaks and asks the king where
he is. King Theodore's secretary, Jinks, tells him
that he is in Lilliput, the greatest nation in the
world. Gulliver thinks this is a prank and asks
the non-existent cameraman to show himself.
In the following scene, we see Gulliver imprisoned
inside a cave. He meets a fellow prisoner named
Horatio, who was sentenced to life by Edward
for trying to court princess Mary. The two are
approached by Edward again, who listens to them,
referring to him as ‘lame ass.’ When an angry
Edward threatens to imprison them for life,
Gulliver claims ‘lame ass’ means someone who is
brave. Happy with the answer, Edward takes both
the prisoners to a field to plow it with the help
of Gulliver’s strength. He restraints Gulliver
with a machine. Just then, two rings of a bell are
heard from the palace, indicating that Blefuscia
has attacked. They are trying to kidnap Princess
Mary and have started a fire at the palace.
Edward quickly runs to the palace and orders
everyone not to save the princess, as he wants to
be the one to save her. But Horatio asks Gulliver
to do it because Edward can’t reach her on time.
Gulliver easily takes the Blefuscian
soldiers down and saves the princess.
But the king and his secretary are stuck in
the fire. Gulliver, in a hurry, urinates on
the building. Everyone claps for him when he
stops the fire and saves king Theodore.
The king removes him and Horatio from
imprisonment and thanks Gulliver for his bravery.
He also invites everyone for a feast at night to
celebrate the occasion. Edward is furious to see
someone else being praised for their bravery.
At the feast, the king asks Gulliver where he
is from, and he answers he is from Manhattan. The
people assume that Gulliver was the president of
Manhattan as he is the bravest one there. Gulliver
feels like a hero for the first time in his life,
so he fabricates the story, claiming he was known
as “president the awesome.” Everyone believes him,
except for Edward. The following day, the people
of Lilliput build a massive home for Gulliver with
all the facilities he couldn’t get when he was
in New York. The king sends a search party to
look for his washed-up boat at Gulliver’s
request. Gulliver also makes them build a
theater to fit everyone in the kingdom. Then,
he shows them a drama of the sinking Titanic,
claiming it to be the story of his life. Everyone
is amazed by the tragic life that he has had.
Edward inquires how he was saved after drowning,
and Gulliver claims that he was resuscitated.
Later, Horatio asks Gulliver to help him
impress princess Mary, and Gulliver agrees.
The two go to the palace, and Horatio approaches
the princess. A hidden Gulliver recites the lyrics
of the song “Kiss,” making Horatio repeat it. By
the end of it, the princess starts to fall for
Horatio. But she is called by Edward, who has come
to court her. The two have been destined to get
married as Edward is the bravest of the kingdom.
Princess Mary isn’t fond of Edward, but she cannot
seem to get rid of him. Somewhere else, the search
party finds the washed-up boat with cans of coke.
Gulliver comes to the scene and finds his phone
is still working. He has twelve voice messages
from Darcy. Turns out she is furious to have
found out about Gulliver’s plagiarized article.
She has to now sail on the same trail Gulliver
came through to do the Bermuda triangle research
herself. Gulliver now doesn’t want to go back
to New York and face her, so he decides to stay
in Lilliput permanently. Edward is not happy
about the decision and tells the king he is
suspicious of Gulliver. The king dismisses
him, claiming that he trusts Gulliver.
Because of his stay, the king gives
Gulliver the title of the new general
and demotes Edward to vice general. A jealous
Edward turns Lilliput’s defense system off,
making it easier for their
enemies Blefuscia to attack.
Blefuscian soldiers and their king see this
and plan to attack Lilliput immediately.
They approach the kingdom through waters and
launch cannonballs toward Lilliput. Being the
general, now it is Gulliver’s responsibility to
stop them. He nervously steps into the water and
starts to splash it around. The cannonballs do not
work on Gulliver, who is massive compared to them.
Eventually, he defeats the Blefuscians and becomes
the savior of Lilliput. The people from Lilliput
fulfill all of Gulliver’s wishes. They even build
a model of Times Square so he would feel at home.
They change their clothing to match that
of Gullivers. Soldiers are appointed
to cut his hair and give him massages.
One night, Edward barges into the princess’s
chamber. He claims that it is his right to
come in anytime because he courts the princess.
The princess finally reveals that she doesn’t love
him and doesn’t want him to court her anymore.
An angered Edward leaves for Blefiscia to ask for
help from their king. Edward’s men have found the
‘build your robot’ book Gulliver had on the boat.
The Blefiscian king agrees to help him build a
robot using the book to battle Gulliver. Some
days later, Gulliver is at the model time square
when the bells of the palace ring, suggesting
an invasion. Gulliver gets ready to battle
tiny people but is surprised when a huge robot
being operated by Edward stands in front of him.
Edward challenges him for a duel. Gulliver has no
way out but to accept. He tries to push the robot,
but it is way stronger than him. It picks Gulliver
up with his pants and makes him accept his defeat.
Gulliver also confesses that everything
he said about him being the president
is a lie. The king and the princess are
surprised to have been betrayed by him.
Edward sends Gulliver to a forbidden place
called "the island where we dare not go"
as a punishment. When Gulliver is left there,
he is picked up by a giant little girl.
Turns out the island is the home of giants. The
girl thinks Gulliver is a toy and keeps him in
her Barbie house, dressing him in girly pink
clothes. Meanwhile, back in Lilliput, Darcy’s
body washes up on the shore. Gulliver had told
everyone that Darcy is his princess back home,
so Edward recognizes her and imprisons her. She
meets King Theodore and his queen in prison, who
have been captured after Gulliver’s defeat.
Horatio sees this and decides to travel to "the
island where we dare not go" to get Gulliver back.
He is minuscule on the island and manages to reach
Gulliver safely. The little girl’s dollhouse also
has a skeleton of a dead U.S. Air Force pilot.
Gulliver uses the parachute to
escape and fly back to Lilliput.
He first goes to meet Darcy in the prison
and confesses that he has a crush on her.
She forgives him for plagiarizing the
article and seems to be opening up to him.
Gulliver has decided to challenge Edward for
a duel. He doesn’t want to prove his bravery
anymore but genuinely wants to help Lilliput.
The following day, the two stand before each other
ready to battle. Gulliver wants Edward to give
the kingdom back to king Theodore if he wins.
But if he loses, Edward will destroy the kingdom
altogether. The two fight, and Edward overpowers
him within seconds. Horatio runs to help him and
manages to get inside the robot. He defeats Edward
from inside, eventually depowering the robot.
After that, Gulliver easily manages to defeat it,
and the crowd erupts in cheers, even Darcy
celebrates the win. Because of Horatio’s bravery,
he is provided permission to court Princess
Mary. The two finally kiss. But just then,
Edward, who has reached the point of insanity,
takes the princess hostage, but the princess,
finally having enough of Edward, beats
the traitor up in frustration. Darcy
then kisses Gulliver for the first time.
The Blefiscian king and Theodore are about to
initiate the war again, but Gulliver stops them.
He successfully helps to make peace between the
rival island-nations by reciting Edwin Starr's
"War,” and finally, he, along with Darcy, return
to New York City on their repaired ship.
Cut to a few weeks later, Gulliver has left
the mailroom job and is a travel writer now. He
and Darcy are in a happy relationship. Gulliver
has just completed a travel assignment,
and the movie ends as the two walk out of
Darcy’s office while holding hands.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out. Thank you for watching.